1. Explain 'word2vec'
Word2vec is a machine learning model that converts words from natural language into vectors (feature vectors). This enables computers to 'understand' the meaning of words.
The goal is to represent semantically similar words with similar vectors. For example, the words 'king' and 'queen' would be close together in vector space.
It is used in the field of natural language processing (NLP) such as recommending similar content, similarity-based search, developing AI conversational systems (chatbots),
automatic text translation, etc. Word2vec enables language to be translated into a simple mathematical representation that computers understand and can manipulate.

2. Gaussian vs Multinomial vs Bernoulli Naive Bayes Methods
Gaussian:
Data type: continuous data
Usage: used for datasets where it is assumed that the data is normally distributed (e.g., predicting height of a person, stock prices)
Operation principle: it is assumed that continuous values related to a class are normally distributed (Gaussian distribution). Mean and variance are used to estimate probabilities.

Multinomial:
Data type: discrete numbers / data frequency
Usage: in text classification where properties are word frequencies (or n-grams frequencies). Used for filtering spam emails, document categorization, etc.
Operation principle: computes the probability of each class based on the frequency of word occurrences in the text or some other property.

Bernoulli:
Data type: binary features (boolean values)
Usage: each feature is a boolean value = presence or absence of a feature, e.g., in text classification
Operation principle: uses Bernoulli distribution to model data

3. What is linear separability? Are the data from the iris.csv dataset linearly separable (explain what is observed)?
Linear separability refers to the ability to separate data classes using lines, planes, or hyperplanes. 
In the iris.csv dataset, Iris-setosa is distinguishable from the other species due to smaller petal dimensions, 
indicating potential linear separability. However, there's no clear linear separation between Iris-versicolor and Iris-virginica.